Zoom Meeting
Fri, Nov 28, 2025

3:48 - Phillip Vincent
Good morning, sir.

3:59 - Billy Keister
finding my size share my screen so I'm sure you'll notice right away there's it's different now oh so Uh, I need to rebuild the landing page system and the mail system forms is done.

4:34 - Phillip Vincent
Um, the mail system, once again, they're going to create their own mail and give us the file. And we're not sitting, we're not sending mail for them. We're working. So who is, who is, I don't understand. I don't even know if we have a need for, uh, creation of the mail piece?

4:57 - Billy Keister
Yeah, well, because we need to make sure that we can do everything, even if we're not like, I'm not worried about it, right? Like, I'm spending zero time on it. So but I do have to get it done. Because we have to be able to do everything that they're going to do on our system. Every has to be doable.

5:16 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, because they're sending their files to their data to their people just with our information in it. It's not we're not creating the the piece at all.

5:26 - Billy Keister
Um, so what does that do when it's just there and they just wouldn't even use that section from the, from maybe not from the start, but eventually remember they said that in the Meeting with Mike, he said we should do as much as we can for So it's, it's going to work as a template designer taking their templates and adding, like using the, like our designs for gift cards. So we'll design some base cards.

5:56 - Phillip Vincent
I see that they'll stick into their designs. Even though I'm telling you right now, we should be learning from them. They're the ones that have all the data of what works.

6:08 - Billy Keister
A thousand percent agree.

6:12 - Billy Keister
You'll be able to get into their systems. Um, so campaigns, I'm doing like a wizard right now, but I'm going to clean it up to make it easier. I just wanted it like this for, uh, you select your leads.

6:32 - Phillip Vincent
Now whose leads, where are those coming from right now?

6:37 - Billy Keister
They're in our database.

6:38 - Phillip Vincent
So, but hold on. Would that be, would that be people's information or would that be the codes information? They might not want to give us the people's information, remember?

6:52 - Billy Keister
So when you select your audience, you can upload a CSV. The only required piece of information is that unique code.

7:00 - Phillip Vincent
So their CSV might be one line long times 100,000 people, and it's just a bunch of unique codes.

7:08 - Billy Keister
Or they might choose to have an API into their system and just grab it from there. Grab it from there. Well, right now CSV only, but you'd be able to select it from here. This is from our contact system, then you just hit next. You select what you want the condition to be, right? Form submitted, time delay, manual agent action, but you can add custom ones of these, right? And next oh, well, hold on let's go back to the conditions custom and we set those or who's setting those The client can have custom conditions or you can use one of our premades.

7:57 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, and I would argue that we need to tell them custom is scary to me because what if and this is probably coming out of the sales process if they Only want to give a gift card when they actually buy a car like post past tense We're not gonna sell enough gift cards to that client You see what I'm saying? If it's the end of the rainbow, we're more on that lead generation side. So I'm worried that some of these conditions might get out of hand if we allow them just to go jazz on this and make it up as they go. Meaning we should only be selling to people that fit inside of the conditions that we want to sell into. Does that make sense? Just any condition.

8:36 - Billy Keister
I was thinking that we would charge a certain So that's a good point.

8:45 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, we can't, it can't blank spaces are scary in this idea.

8:49 - Billy Keister
They always need to be told, Hey, we're just going to be able to charge for each time.

8:54 - Phillip Vincent
We talked about that. Remember he said, because if they don't get a call back, we're just charging the conditions, always the redemption of the code, our system sending them a gift card. It's not necessarily on the phone call. Remember we talked about that. So once again, we have fewer and fewer conditions. Our condition is we made the customer engage. Stands for Actual Customer Engagement. We thought we would just do the phone call, but he said they're not going to like that because what if they drop a call or what if they tell you to pound sand. If they're only paying for the actual people that sat long enough, remember the condition was, if they sit through my four to seven minute speech, you've met the condition.

9:35 - Billy Keister
So we can always make condition one, you've set through my four to seven minutes.

9:40 - Phillip Vincent
I think we should have four or five kind of ones that are the most all encompassing and try to make people fit inside of one of the five conditions we create. And we can totally do that. Yeah, good. Okay, good. But you see what I'm saying? They don't know. And if you just say what do you want it to be? And I think that should have happened so far early in the sales pitch, where we tell them how this works. And then we take Oh, it sounds like you're a number three. And we just picked the third trigger type. Like they need to work inside. Yeah, I'm pretty positive they're going to need to work inside it. Of course, we're custom building this one and we'll probably will custom build for people. But once again, it won't always be kind of like this, that a response from a card turns into something and that's the condition.

10:21 - Billy Keister
Yeah, so I always imagined it would be like the response from the card is what we got paid on.

10:27 - Billy Keister
That's right.

10:28 - Phillip Vincent
Well, it's not the response. It's the fact. Because what if I called you and said, Billy, go fuck yourself. Take me off your list. That was a response. So are they paying $13 for that or $28 for that?

10:41 - Billy Keister
Well, they're not paying for the gift card at that point. They're just paying for the fact their phone rang.

10:47 - Phillip Vincent
Mike talked about this, remember? He told us, if you remember what he said. He said not to do it that way.

10:54 - Billy Keister
And only to do it on redemptions.

10:57 - Phillip Vincent
So once again, in that case, it's not, no. It's not even call completed because what if they told you to pound sand for seven minutes and you never issued a card? We don't get paid on call completed. It may be form submitted. Does that mean a card was generated? That's when we get paid. In this case, right? We want to build it exactly.

11:22 - Billy Keister
You're not worried about like them setting the condition is like, for them to get the gift card, for them to submit the form, right, before they ever give out that.

11:35 - Phillip Vincent
Which form we talking about, so we're on the same page?

11:40 - Billy Keister
Well, the thing earlier was that it's Catch-22 type thing. So there's going to be people that say, I only want to give out the gift card if they buy a car from me, right, or they sell me their car.

11:55 - Phillip Vincent
that I don't, I don't want those customers is what I'm saying right now. Because we won't, we'll never do volume volume and this ain't worth seven a month. You know what I mean? It's like this, no, we're not, we're not the outcome. We've, we've, we've set the team up. We're all we're doing setting baseballs on teas. We're getting paid when the T when the T ball set on the T. And in this case it would be call came in. That's not when we get paid, they listened to the spiel, and we issued them a card. That might be two things, but that's the two things that happened. They listened long enough, so that's kind of where your call completed was, like they listened to the whole spiel, and then did we issue them, because by the way, if they listened to the spiel, they get the card whether they said go fuck yourself or I'm buying it, right? It's not the outcome of how the call went. They listened for their seven minutes, told you to pound sand, we still get our 28 bucks, you still issued them the card, because that's on the whole point of the free gift card. So say that back to me. In his case, call comes in, they validate the card, and I'm looking up in the system, Bill, I'm going to find you here. Hey, part of this condition is I want to tell you about what we do. You own a 2020 Lamborghini? Yes, you do. OK, great. It looks like it's out of warranty. Yes, great. So hey, I'm and you're like what about my card like hey as soon as the condition of this card is that we go through these questions and Then I get to you know, and then okay at the end of it you say no go after yourself I don't have $400 and 200 month for your warranty. Okay, great Let me still go ahead and issue the card because you've met our condition and I send that to you because we keep in mind Most are just going to take the free card. We already know that in fact We're saying Billy are going to be this other person that says pound sand and I want my card, but I listened to the pitch. Is that a form submitted, or do we just need to rename what's here?

13:55 - Billy Keister
Yeah, I can just rename what's here.

13:57 - Phillip Vincent
But I'm asking you, a form submitted might be exactly what we already mean, is that they have the condition.

14:03 - Billy Keister
Yeah, but I think we should get more specific with it.

14:05 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. It's not the call in. We thought it might be, but it's not, because Mike said it won't be. And then he said the condition is you listen to our spiel, which makes you now the condition is lifted and now we you know what do you call the act of sending the card according to what you just did there the options say that again go back to your drop down box which one which one means that they met the condition uh it just means like whatever condition you wanted right so did you want them to be the forms of Did you want it to be the call is completed?

14:47 - Billy Keister
Did you want the agent to manually do it? But you can name this. Now that I'm thinking, I'm dumb, dude. This is into the system. This checks to see if they actually completed the phone call via the APIs.

14:59 - Phillip Vincent
So that would make the condition, Matt, which automatically means the form was submitted, right? We sent it to them. And that's when we make our 28 bucks.

15:08 - Billy Keister
This is where what this does is this automatically gives the person the gift card based on if the call was completed, form submitted, or time delay.

15:19 - Phillip Vincent
Hey, by the way, call completed, if they met the condition, we should get our 28 bucks. So where in this triggers them paying us out of those four? Obviously the manual one can do it, but it's in the automatic one.

15:31 - Billy Keister
Well, all of these, this is what matters right here.

15:37 - Phillip Vincent
And that's the first thing. And then another condition, would be not, wouldn't it be, let me go ahead and text you back so we know where to send your card later today. Remember Mike said, hey Billy, thanks for calling in. I'm going to send you this, the card today. I'm going to need your cell phone. Can I go ahead and validate that with you right now? That's probably the first thing they say. And I love that idea because now you got 30 days to market to that person. Remember how happy he was there?

16:04 - Billy Keister
So that will be a manual agent action.

16:07 - Phillip Vincent
That would be or maybe articulate a little more, can you name that? The text out opt-in, we text out to them and they opt-in or something, that's what that action is there, right?

16:19 - Billy Keister
Well, no, this is saying what triggers us to send this SMS.

16:25 - Phillip Vincent
Okay, that would be, they validated their identity.

16:29 - Billy Keister
Well, no, when the call center rep said complete.

16:33 - Phillip Vincent
With what?

16:35 - Billy Keister
on the call center's page.

16:37 - Phillip Vincent
Listen to my, what is before listen to my pitch, right? Are those two connected?

16:43 - Billy Keister
So we can name the condition whatever we want.

16:46 - Phillip Vincent
So, okay. So this would be verified identity and cell phone, right? Or phone number. Then the manual agent sends them that text that they opt into.

16:57 - Billy Keister
So what I, I, my brain is not working all the way yet. So the trigger type, trigger means this is what's triggering this to happen, okay? For this SMS to go out, right? So the trigger type is if the call was completed, like if they called in and they completed the call, they would automatically, if they had this selected, the customer would automatically get this SMS.

17:24 - Phillip Vincent
So during the phone call, they might click four different radio buttons there on that trigger type?

17:29 - Billy Keister
It doesn't matter what the call is. To rep us with this trigger type.

17:32 - Phillip Vincent
OK, so how does it know it's been triggered?

17:35 - Billy Keister
Because Twilio, like we have an API listening to Twilio that says, hey, a call came in. Hey, the call was completed.

17:46 - Phillip Vincent
OK, so walk me through, I'm the call rep, and they're in your report.

17:50 - Billy Keister
Or submitted would be if the client submitted the form for us, which that doesn't make any sense. Delay is just, you know, a time delay. Trigger type is always going to be manual agent action.

18:05 - Phillip Vincent
Pretend like I'm Mike and right now you're teaching Mike what, how the call center person will be using this because they're going to have this pulled up next to their CRM, right? They're going to be in this.

18:16 - Billy Keister
What I'm, what I'm asking is to forget the trigger type because for right now, it's always going to be a manual agent action.

18:25 - Phillip Vincent
So let me one of these from in to they've got card in hand in their cell phone.

18:35 - Billy Keister
So customer calls in. Agent listens to them. Let me go back to the outside of campaign making. You understand campaign making is just link it to a form or a landing page conditions. How we're delivering review and create. So that's the new wizard for campaigns.

18:58 - Phillip Vincent
So the call center girl, first thing you do is enter the code.

19:05 - Billy Keister
They just enter the code. And, uh, then there's, I don't have a dummy code set up in here yet.

19:15 - Phillip Vincent
So the contact would be, we contacted them back. We texted them out and they, and they validated.

19:21 - Billy Keister
Code contact gives the call center rep the ability to enrich the data right there on the phone call.

19:32 - Phillip Vincent
Which means them opting in by the text I just sent them from the system, right? Which is what Mike had the hard-on for. He said that was a very big value. Hey, Billy, thanks for giving me C9F2790. I'm going to go ahead and send you out the validation code. What's a perfect cell phone number for you? You, right? That's their contact information. I'm going to send that to you. Once you opt in, we can continue with our call or something like that. Or that could be happening while we're waiting for that text. Let me go into my condition, which is number three, which is you listening to this. Hey, here in about seven minutes, I'll be able to send you that gift card to that phone. Is that cool?

20:10 - Billy Keister
Yeah, exactly. And on the conditions page, you saw that you got to edit the text manually. So you can edit that text to just say, do I have permission to text you? Great for the next 30 days.

20:24 - Phillip Vincent
But that but those four things do look right. Validate the code. Contact them back or and I would say that contact this is contact enrichment. Great, so this is where we're where we done the thing that Mike asked for where we we get to where they opt in while we're on the call condition. That's number three. OK, so code and what's the contact? That's the adding contacts is adding to the cell phone over the enrichment.

20:50 - Billy Keister
Yeah, so when I figured that there would be times when a client is on the phone with the call center rep and they would want to update information themselves on the customer.

21:05 - Phillip Vincent
Sure, because they might have the wrong car or something like that.

21:09 - Billy Keister
Yeah, and that's what contact is. Got it.

21:12 - Phillip Vincent
The start of the condition in this case would be tearing that cell phone number they just provided and sending them that. And the condition of this is that you validate your text, that it's the right one, and you opt into our system. And then at the end of this, I'm going to send you the card, right?

21:28 - Billy Keister
So the first text that always goes out is, hey, do we have permission to text you information, blah, blah, blah.

21:36 - Phillip Vincent
And is that in number three? Because I almost feel like they're almost be a 3.5.

21:39 - Billy Keister
That's an invisible one. It just happens in the back end.

21:44 - Phillip Vincent
Okay, and do you have a place where right now you can send me a text if I'm listening to this call?

21:49 - Billy Keister
I don't have Twilio set up, an active Twilio set up. I need to get approved. I need to go through A2P.

21:56 - Phillip Vincent
Do you feel like that it lives between two and three? This invisible step.

22:04 - Billy Keister
Yes, it lives between two and three. Well, it lives between three and three. So as soon as I could on the condition page, right, let's say the condition was you called in and listened to my spiel, right?

22:18 - Phillip Vincent
It's two things. You opted into my cell phone number or our texting platform, and you listen to the condition. That was Mike's conditions, those two things.

22:29 - Billy Keister
So as soon as on the back end, when the call center rep gets to the condition, condition form. That's when they say on this, their side, they're like, okay, the person did listen to my spiel. They get a gift card.

22:46 - Phillip Vincent
Hold on. Hold on. I think it's three. I think it's three things on the condition when they're to the step condition, you've, you've sent them, them a text SMS, right? Not yet. Oh, he wanted that first thing.

23:03 - Billy Keister
Yeah, so when you're at condition. Right when you're on the condition page, this would be when the call center rep is confirming. The phone call. Right, confirming that you called in to and listen to their spiel.

23:20 - Phillip Vincent
And this is post. This is post me checking your code, which is the first thing.

23:25 - Billy Keister
Yeah, first thing you do is I'm checking your code to make sure it's available. Valid code for this promotion.

23:33 - Phillip Vincent
And then you're updating the contact in case there's anything or you're just validating the con. The only problem I'm seeing right now is validation of the contact and all those things is part of getting, I don't know if the order is right is what I'm saying, but maybe go through it here. Or it's not matching what Mike wanted is what it feels like right this second. Because at some point you need to buy yourself some time. Like if I, if, Phillip gives Billy my code and my cell phone number. Now we're waiting for it to go through the system. That gives me that four to seven minutes to talk to you, right? We're already going to wait for it anyway, by the time it all happens. I'm just saying, timing wise, I guess I think you check the code first. And that's really, really checking the code is really checking the contact in my mind. You're really, that C9F is attached to my name. So you're checking the code to make sure the contact information's right. But then, does it not immediately go into getting that ability to text them?

24:32 - Billy Keister
No, because you're going to be talking to them then, right? You're going to be selling to them. You're going to be giving them your spiel.

24:41 - Phillip Vincent
So, you believe the texting comes after they've met the condition?

24:46 - Billy Keister
So, you say, hey, I'm getting, thanks so much, or you're like in the middle of your spiel, you're going to say, you're clicking the condition, and you're saying that they've completed the phone call, right?

24:58 - Phillip Vincent
And when I'm updating my contact, later on, I can say, hey, do you want me to go ahead and send your gift card to the cell phone number you provided me back when I was on step two?

25:07 - Billy Keister
So then you're going to ask them that, right? And they're going to say, yes, I want my gift card. And that's when you're going to say, OK. You go into the back end here, and you click condition. They listen to my spiel, right? Listen, so that triggers two text messages. The first text message is, hey, this is Premier Auto Warranty. Thank you for opting in. We need permission to be able to send you marketing messages and to deliver your gift card.

25:48 - Phillip Vincent
And so they have to put the word yes there, probably, right?

25:52 - Billy Keister
They confirm back with the word yes.

25:56 - Phillip Vincent
And I haven't started my spiel yet of what I sell, or I have. I'm already done with that now.

26:02 - Billy Keister
You're probably already done with that.

26:04 - Phillip Vincent
OK, fair enough. And he asked for it to be at the beginning, so just know that's not what Mike asked for.

26:08 - Billy Keister
OK, so I can change that up. Yeah, he asked for it first thing.

26:16 - Phillip Vincent
And he almost went, to be blunt, he almost went validate the contact, send the text, then check the code. But all that was at the beginning, right? He wanted that out of the way. And while we're going through the validation process of it all, now I get my four to seven minutes to do my spiel.

26:34 - Billy Keister
I can do that. It's not a problem.

26:36 - Phillip Vincent
But do you remember, I mean, that's what he said, right? You were on that Meeting.

26:40 - Billy Keister
I didn't have that Meeting and I was trying to remember it.

26:46 - Phillip Vincent
If we don't build this lay ass, we don't want to free ball this. Because by the way, he knows better than we do, right? He knows how he wants this to go.

26:54 - Billy Keister
It's 30 seconds to not 30 seconds. It's quick and easy to put it in that spot. So as soon as they hit the confirmation code in the contact page, you're going to really quickly verify their information and say, verify the information right away. At the beginning of their conversation, they say, okay, I'm verifying it.

27:18 - Phillip Vincent
They verified their cell phone, right? And so now we have a text back that says yes.

27:23 - Billy Keister
So they verify their cell phone right away. So the next thing we go through, then our system texts them and says, Hey, we need permission to be able to text you, say yes back. And then the, call center rep does their whole spiel. Yep, spiel. Right, I agree. And then they get to the condition where the call center rep has to say, if the user has said yes back, and this is where the call center rep at the very end of the call will say, hey, did you get that text message that, you know, gave us permission to send you the gift card? And did you already confirm yes? You already confirmed yes.

28:03 - Phillip Vincent
Which hopefully we already see that on our system, right? And this all gives us time to validate Hey, let's keep talking, Billy, while we're waiting for the, you know, because you're waiting for something you want. This is, this is good. This is really good.

28:15 - Unidentified Speaker
We can.

28:17 - Phillip Vincent
And the condition was, remember they already have the text. They've already validated it. And now they've gone through the spiel and now they've met the condition. So now they get another text, which is their car.

28:28 - Billy Keister
Which is a link.

28:30 - Phillip Vincent
The link. And the way I check we have just made $20,000. Dollars when that happens. Because if they never got it, they've, they called in, they listened to the spiel, they met the conditions. If they never click that link and never get their card, we still make our $28.

28:48 - Billy Keister
Yeah, because inside the system, as soon as they confirm it, we attach that card to that warranty places paid for it, right? Yeah, the the warranty place plate as soon as they hit the condition is complete.

29:02 - Phillip Vincent
And they get the link to that validated cell phone number. It says link to card and link to card is now the the landing page builder. That's where they're going.

29:15 - Billy Keister
Yeah, or or the more than likely the ace form. This is the more likely form that they're going to end up going to is just this really simple.

29:31 - Phillip Vincent
Now the customer service rep stay on while they do this and make sure they got it sent to them. They can almost know that the card was in their inbox, right? If they chose to. Ooh, that's pretty. And oh, it's got, it's got the QR code too. Ooh, baby. Ooh, baby. I love it. And you can stick it in my wallet. This is great, man.

29:55 - Billy Keister
I need to attach it to a Google account before I, that becomes active. But that's not a hard thing to do. It's all ready to roll there. So just add to Apple wallet or add to Google wallet above.

30:11 - Phillip Vincent
Um, uh, probably somewhere in here. We should talk about the length of a ballot or how long it's good for. And then right on that, all that information down below. Like in here important. Yeah, right there. This is about important notes. This is valid for 30 days.

30:36 - Billy Keister
One line. Yeah, we could add that in there. No problem.

30:39 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, what needs to be right. That'll say this promotion went away. You were aware of it. It was in your it was in your validation text. I don't know if only I would say your gift card is valid for 30 I would say something like, go use it today or something. We want people to be happy. We want them to go use it. And by the way, the call center has already paid for it, so they want people to use it too. So I just think it's the steps, and I think we just worked through it. So tell me back again the steps or how you want that to Read, because this looks great. And that download from my phone, I would hit Download, and that would be in there.

31:44 - Billy Keister
That's what I would stick in my wallet, right, from that download. You hit Add to Wallet, and it just opens up your Google.

31:50 - Phillip Vincent
I buy tickets and stuff.

31:51 - Billy Keister
Yeah, you just open it. Yeah, it goes straight to your Google or Apple wallet. I just hook it up to fill words, Apple developer account and Google's developer account. Okay, basically prove who you are.

32:04 - Phillip Vincent
On our end. Because we're the sender of the card for them. We represent the warranty place, but it's us sending them the card.

32:15 - Billy Keister
Yeah, Google makes Before people they let people just add stuff to the wallet.

32:19 - Phillip Vincent
They make sure that they're legit people Confirm our shit and all that good stuff That mean we're responsible for the customer service side of the cards then because it's our card We sent them or is that just part of what we do for people?

32:32 - Billy Keister
No, it's just a technical requirement. Okay, it's to be able to use we can still knock that mean customer service for the cards It's still in Jimmy John's right? It's their customer.

32:42 - Phillip Vincent
Okay, okay So, walk me through those steps again. I want to make sure we have this because we're very close.

32:49 - Billy Keister
And here, you can turn on whether or not you want the QR code there, share buttons, digital wall.

32:54 - Phillip Vincent
Love it. That's sexy, dude.

32:56 - Billy Keister
So, you can choose whether or not to show the brand logo up there.

32:59 - Phillip Vincent
I don't

33:03 - Billy Keister
Well, you can choose whether or not to have a confetti slide. How do you want it to show up? There's animation.

33:11 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, that's super fun.

33:12 - Billy Keister
Anyways, so that's the form, and then it flips around to this side. And then the whole thing about this is that this is embeddable, right? This is supposed to be used on their pages.

33:30 - Phillip Vincent
The call centers pages.

33:34 - Billy Keister
Yeah, the premier auto warranty. Yeah, good. Their own landing pages and everything like that.

33:38 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, so they'll create a landing page, we stick our code in it.

33:43 - Billy Keister
Love it. This just that's, you know, this is just embeddable. So that way they can choose to use their system to be able to use their system. And then landing pages is more like if they want to use our system.

33:56 - Phillip Vincent
Got it. Good to know. So, um, so walk me through a phone call again, start from mailbox to card in my, in my wallet. Okay, I want to make sure we're on the same page.

34:08 - Billy Keister
Okay, I designed the mail piece. It's a real estate card. We buy houses for cash, all the custom information is there, right? Creating the mail piece. That's an optional step.

34:31 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, they're gonna they're gonna They don't even need that. We're not sending the mail. So they don't, once again, the car warranty place is not going to do that step.

34:40 - Billy Keister
Most people won't like any mail houses is not going to do this.

34:46 - Unidentified Speaker
So now the first thing to do is actually start the campaign.

34:50 - Billy Keister
So start on campaign. Now you can select it or you can have one added later. I have it set up now. To where if you did want to do it through the system, you could. Because you could come here and you could pick 21 contacts.

35:13 - Phillip Vincent
I know, but you're talking to Mike right now. This is Monday and you're showing me how this works. We don't want to tell them a bunch of stuff they're not going to do, right? So we're putting this calls with Mike. Hey, Mike, if they don't have one, but here's how your customers are going to use it. All they're going to do is grabbing codes off of here, or getting us the codes, because all they're really doing is the first step. They're not sending mail. They're not creating mail. They're just putting the codes in the system, correct?

35:46 - Billy Keister
Yeah, they need to give us the codes, set the conditions, pick which forms.

35:50 - Phillip Vincent
So they start on set up to. So set up campaign number one should say I already have my own designs in there very clearly. Yeah, we can step one doesn't Don't you hate it when you go to something like hold on? I've already stopped at step one because I'm not doing it this way Yeah And I know I don't make that better. You see what I'm saying though, right? You don't want them frustrated with our system, but they don't even want step one. They're really starting on step two Yeah, unless you make it big and bold I already have my own design.

36:23 - Billy Keister
It's on step one. You can just, it says design later and it says that it's optional. I know. But I need to make it clearer.

36:34 - Phillip Vincent
And do we even need to know the mail size?

36:37 - Billy Keister
You don't. So like, yeah, that's what I'm saying.

36:41 - Phillip Vincent
So I can, yeah, that needs, that needs to be cleaned up just cause that will create customer Okay, so codes, they give us the codes. They upload a CSV.

36:51 - Billy Keister
Yeah, let me mark this down real quick.

36:54 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, because I'm telling you right now, most people are not going to create designs through our system or send mail through our system. That's not what we do. It's cool that you built it. It's just makes it compute. Well, it gives me questions and pause when we want to make this as easy as possible. We need your codes, guys. That's what we need. And I love the fact we don't have to have their data I love that Yeah, and also you hold on go back it's not just mailing it's it's the same thing are they creating Creating themselves right that it's it's not just it's the crew in the creation the setup of it, like they're creating their own designs there. I already have my own design. That should be like a button they press or something, because they will most of, almost all the time, I already have my own designs. Telling you right now that most will be that way. Design house.

38:05 - Billy Keister
No, totally agree. Okay, perfect. So optional there. If they already have their own design, this cost estimate won't come up. This cost estimate is if we're printing for them. So as long as that zero's out over there. Yeah, that this is only if we're printing for them.

38:27 - Phillip Vincent
And even if I created my own design, maybe it's interesting for us to know what type of mail they're sending only because that'll be data we'll have later. It might be nice for us to make them upload it. Oh, a example of it. Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, right. Yeah, by the way, most people in this system They're gonna say it's that should say upload my design that I already have created somewhere in this right now Because and that should be front and center Versus let us help you build one that should be much much lower and smaller That's going to get confusing on people. Most of your customers already have their own designs. Don't we need to build this for most customers?

39:15 - Billy Keister
Yeah, but the only reason we would need that page uploaded would be to design the landing page.

39:24 - Phillip Vincent
Which is nice, right? If we're going to use AI to design the landing page based on what we're- Yeah, so we'll optional upload my design here.

39:30 - Billy Keister
because when we go to the landing page...

39:35 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, we'll tell them that.

39:36 - Unidentified Speaker
The whole idea...

39:38 - Phillip Vincent
That's sexy, by the way. That's super cool.

39:47 - Billy Keister
You can add as many conditions as you want.

39:52 - Phillip Vincent
Once again, that sounds like they can write their own, right? And this probably comes down to the early sales process. We need to work with them to say what they want those to be, right?

40:07 - Billy Keister
I mean, you realize in the first couple of campaigns, more than likely, we're just going to be setting everything up for them.

40:14 - Phillip Vincent
So build this according to what Mike asked for, is what I'm saying. Well, I was saying like, okay, I would say- happy right now that what Mike asked us to do.

40:27 - Billy Keister
Yeah, no, I was saying like, we're going to be doing it for him.

40:31 - Phillip Vincent
So, so we'll just have to how do we, we just get on the phone with him live and fill this out with him on the phone.

40:39 - Billy Keister
I think that's probably the best option. I agree.

40:42 - Phillip Vincent
And that's, in my mind, that's still part of the sales process. And hopefully we have a customer like if I make a sale, then Cindy, our girls, the customer service person gets on that call with their person.

40:52 - Billy Keister
And it gets all this push through Yeah It gives you a big red warning when you skip doing the landing page because if you don't If they've uploaded there's a design we shouldn't skip the landing page Yeah, well, that's what I'm saying, but no what else the landing page you can create with AI Or with a visual editor that I still need to finish out. So skip for now. And I'm going to skip forms for now as well. Now we're at delivery.

41:37 - Phillip Vincent
This also doesn't apply to them at all.

41:40 - Billy Keister
This would not show up.

41:57 - Phillip Vincent
Everybody we're going to talk to for doing our job right is going to be mailing themselves. So once again, I don't want it to be moneying the how simple this could be for them by showing them a bunch of stuff that doesn't apply to them. And then this is just the, let me tell you something right now. We built this only for Mike. Like if Mike came to us and said, build this, he would not have that stuff in there. He wouldn't even have it there. You hear me right, brother?

42:26 - Phillip Vincent
I do.

42:29 - Phillip Vincent
I know you wanted to build it for every man. We don't want every man right now. We want the only man that has 200 million mailers a month. That's who is important, not the guy who has 300 mailers a month.

42:40 - Billy Keister
The idea is that to be able to collect the data that we need, we have to build it out as if we were building it all the way out. For all the API calls to work, for it to be flexible, we have to fully build it out. But if I just made it for just four mics, one specific use case, it would, I'm telling you now, it would break every 30 seconds because it would be like, oh, I wanted to do this or I wanted to do that, right? And the functions just wouldn't be there. That's why I'm trying to build it for what we actually need. I like that. And we can slim it down as needed. Like, we can always slim it down. And I can make a version of this just for Mike.

43:27 - Phillip Vincent
Well, and that's what I'm saying. I think it's not even Mike. It's designed as if they, we already know they are a mail house. So postage doesn't mean anything. Size doesn't mean anything. I think we do want them to upload their thing they already created. They're uploading their CSV and the thing they already created, because that will help us build a landing page. That all makes sense. That's a cleaner design, right? They have the codes. The creative, what it costs to mail it to relevant what you know, but saying the the postcard upload is very important for the for the landing page. I love that. That's super sexy. Like I want to look just like a postcard.

44:03 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, right behind it.

44:04 - Phillip Vincent
It's just a picture of whatever that was that upload.

44:07 - Billy Keister
Yeah, I got you.

44:10 - Phillip Vincent
Um, okay, so what step are we on?

44:15 - Billy Keister
Oh, I was like, The campaign's been sent. Now the call center rep, we went through this earlier.

44:22 - Phillip Vincent
I would like to hear it again.

44:25 - Billy Keister
So after we've built the campaign, mail is starting to hit doors.

44:30 - Phillip Vincent
Calls are coming in.

44:31 - Billy Keister
Calls are coming in. As soon as the first call comes in, the rep confirms the code. Yeah, I need to put Yeah, just confirms the Which is what they're already doing, right?

44:46 - Phillip Vincent
We heard Tucker's call. That was the first thing she asked. And then on her, she went right into the spiel, which was validating more information about the make. The only, aren't we, are we adding one in now? Hey, I'm going to be sending you a gift card right after this. This is where I asked to send them the SMS to opt in. And then that buys the perfect amount of time. I feel good. I've already validated my code. I'm productive. I've already got the text from you guys. You guys are real. I've said yes, I'm going to get my card soon. Billy, I'm excited. Hey, tell me more. I'm in that, you know what I mean? I'm in the happy state. I'm at least open to listen way more than I was before.

45:36 - Billy Keister
So we instantly get a cell phone number right after we get the Verified that they've got a valid code. We instantly get a phone number on the very next page.

45:44 - Phillip Vincent
Which is updating the contact, right?

45:47 - Billy Keister
Which is, yep, it's enriching the data. At the same time, we're sending an SMS that says, hey, by the way, can we market to you for 30 days?

45:58 - Phillip Vincent
And let's be clear, when they hit yes, will Twilio have validation back to that call center person to see that that happened? So even if it happens like in a half second, she'll pretend like it takes four to seven so she can go into her spiel. She wouldn't want to see that. Because here's why. If she sees it and turn green right away that it's been validated, at the end now, she'll say, hey, it looks like it updated. Do you want me to go ahead and send your gift card to this number that you've already provided? Because that's how we do this, right? Or option instantly and or whatever. If it takes a minute to do that, this is the point. Let's say at this does take a minute or two, that's okay. I need to go into my four to seven minutes spiel. Anyway, we've just bought time.

46:42 - Billy Keister
Yeah, I'm just saying.

46:44 - Phillip Vincent
Or anytime during the call.

46:46 - Billy Keister
This is notes for me. So I need to make sure the, so as soon as the user opts in.

46:53 - Phillip Vincent
In that instant, you can see that, whether that's instantly or three minutes from then, right?

46:57 - Billy Keister
Yeah, I need to, as quickly as I can, I need to make sure that the call rep can see it on their screen.

47:02 - Phillip Vincent
You got it. And that, you know, might pop up while she's halfway through her spiel. And then when she gets to the end to send it, she's like, Hey, it looks like it did populate on my end. This is the card. Hey, this is where we're going to send your gift card. Are you cool with that? And if they say, I need a different card, I say, Oh, we have to start back over then. Because that was, and I think when I'm asking you for your cell phone in the beginning, Hey, Billy, this is the, this is the cell phone number. I'm going to send you your card here in a few minutes. Is this the one you're going to want it to be on now? Now you guarantee they give you the right cell phone number.

47:33 - Billy Keister
Yeah, absolutely.

47:35 - Phillip Vincent
So they go through the spiel, you go to condition, or is that complete?

47:43 - Billy Keister
We're at condition now. We say confirm condition.

47:47 - Unidentified Speaker
They listen to the spiel.

47:49 - Billy Keister
They listen to the spiel. We see green that the user has opted in. Hot damn. The condition screen comes up and the call center rep says, Yes, they listen to the spiel.

48:02 - Phillip Vincent
Link to the card goes back to them on that same cell phone number.

48:05 - Billy Keister
And the call center rep also sees the text that the customer is about to get so they can verify it for any errors or issues. That way they can also talk to management like, hey, it's getting ready to text something weird, right?

48:19 - Phillip Vincent
Can they manually edit it right there then? That's kind of scary and awesome too.

48:24 - Billy Keister
I think that we give it the option to add to. Well, for the editing thing, instead of having an edit button there, because I don't want the call rep to be able to edit it, maybe have an option that says, use default message that takes away the custom message and goes to a system default.

48:54 - Phillip Vincent
Give me an example of where they would do that. That would if it was error for some way?

49:00 - Billy Keister
Yeah, like if the boss man put in the text message for the condition and made a bunch of typos, or, you know, is saying completely the wrong thing for this thing, like say, there's, I would assume we should hope that this is not happening a lot.

49:17 - Phillip Vincent
I would think they don't want their call center people to do any ad libbing at all. Because if they follow the script on the phone, they, if that's not Yeah, we could figure out another way to do this.

49:27 - Billy Keister
Maybe just like we have better quality assurance in the beginning.

49:30 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, I'll say it shouldn't be an error on there. It should be the same one they send 10,000 times a day.

49:34 - Billy Keister
Before every campaign starts, we force like five, yeah, we force like five calls through the system. With different issues and things like that. Like, and we need to text like if the person texts doesn't text yes back, they texted stop. So then we have to tell them look, you texted stop, we can't give you your code anymore. We can't give you a gift card. If what if they don't do what if they don't text back?

50:16 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, yeah, they should have already done that at the beginning of the call. And we haven't done that. Hey, hey, it looks like it has to go through Billy.

50:22 - Phillip Vincent
see that?

50:22 - Phillip Vincent
Oh, I haven't done it yet. Well, they can choose to stay on the they kind of have to stay on the call right then, right, which is why I started in at the beginning.

50:29 - Billy Keister
Yeah, but this is like one of those situations where you got to think, okay, what happens if the user writes in? Or instead of the word? The system isn't going to be able to Read that is yes. Or if the person opts in, or it says stop, instead of

50:48 - Phillip Vincent
Well, okay. But as long as the the call center person can see what they wrote back and say, hey, it looks like you put not yes there, or it looks like you put stop. We have to stop this call now, right?

50:59 - Billy Keister
So if they put it, that's what I was saying. We need to add in that functionality here. Like we need to think about what the customer could possibly do.

51:07 - Phillip Vincent
Oh, they're going to fuck it up all they can. And so that call center person probably just hangs up at that point. Be like, hey, it looks like you opted out. Have a great day, Billy. We can't, this goes no further. You didn't meet our conditions.

51:19 - Phillip Vincent
So yeah.

51:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, people will do that.

51:22 - Phillip Vincent
So this is good.

51:22 - Billy Keister
As long as they just make a mistake and hit, why? Then you can guide them on the phone at the same time and say, Hey, you need to type out the full word.

51:33 - Phillip Vincent
It looks like the full word didn't come through. Could you go and can they go ahead and put the word? And it still validates.

51:46 - Billy Keister
Yes.

51:47 - Phillip Vincent
No, that's good. That's good. And hey, seeing the dashboard of this happening in real time is the right way to do it.

51:52 - Billy Keister
I think so.

51:54 - Phillip Vincent
And now you've sent me the link to my card because I've listened to your spiel.

51:59 - Billy Keister
And that's when the customer ends up on your prettily designed page.

52:07 - Phillip Vincent
That we helped them with, pulled from their uploaded when they started their campaign.

52:13 - Billy Keister
And the customer comes in here and he's like, okay, my, you know, custom code was whatever it was. And they put in their email address. And we can make these forms as as complicated and as long as we want.

52:32 - Phillip Vincent
Here's or as simple as we want. Yeah, here's a longer one. And what would this be?

52:39 - Billy Keister
Yeah, just like asking like, where'd you hear about us? You could ask whatever you want. I'm showing you like that.

52:45 - Phillip Vincent
We're not possibilities are there?

52:47 - Billy Keister
Yeah, you get the full address of the person. You know, get the code down here, email address, phone number, how satisfied where you hear about us, you know, all that good stuff, right?

53:00 - Phillip Vincent
Um, it How far are we away from a demo of this?

53:08 - Billy Keister
I was hoping to have it ready today.

53:10 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, I know, but it's fine.

53:12 - Billy Keister
Monday for sure. Monday for 100% sure.

53:14 - Phillip Vincent
And the things that need to be added is the wallet setups, the two there, right?

53:20 - Billy Keister
Yeah, I don't even think I need to add those for the demo, right?

53:23 - Phillip Vincent
Are we going to actually send a card to somebody, even if it's dummy info?

53:27 - Billy Keister
Yes, I guess I would need to do that before Monday. So, depending on verifications, right? That Google verifies us and we can use your Apple account, your developer account. I'm not worried about that one. Uh Google verifies us which shouldn't be that big of an issue. Yes, Monday. So, conditionally Monday. Hot damn dude. Great work. So, yeah and we will.

53:59 - Phillip Vincent
go just Google right now, Jimmy john's postcard and images. Let's see because we might preload a background of what it could look like,

54:09 - Billy Keister
Yeah, that's I'm gonna have like the landing pages are gonna be done and stuff like that.

54:12 - Phillip Vincent
Okay, cool. Because the sexier it looks, the more like, wow, this is cool.

54:18 - Billy Keister
I've been working the past couple days on permissions. That gets confusing quick. And it's a and Hardening the system.

54:30 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah Bottom one that one down no right to three or four over. I mean that looks that looks like a postcard, right? Oh Actually, there's one that says gift card on it That one to the left over there, that's cool Above it. It's just straight up a gift card. I mean that might look cool in the background Cause it needs to work around. It kind of needs to be not centered. It needs to be around the outside.

55:01 - Billy Keister
I like this.

55:02 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, me too. That's cool. They just want to know they're at the right place. And use of the logo makes me feel confident. Oh, this really is real.

55:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, brother, I'll leave you alone, man.

55:21 - Phillip Vincent
This is good. I'm glad we worked through this. Because that is what he wanted. If we built it the way he wanted it, he should be a happy boy.

55:28 - Billy Keister
And, uh, just so you know, I've got, I worked on like full documentation, how to set them up, do's and don'ts, how to set up the UTM URL settings, QR codes, all this stuff. Now you're seeing this one page, but I go into that deep on all these pages. Great work. Some of the stuff is not the best, but for super quick starts, and then you've got down here, you can look at the system architecture, see exactly how it's built. This is limited to admins right now. Regular users can't see this, but I do want have a system like this for non-admins that explains it. Because a lot of these pages are built for just the end user that literally just talks about how to set certain stuff up, like campaigns, for example. Campaign lifecycle, maybe. Where it's like we explained why they fail, the different transition rules, like a whole bunch of different stuff. But there's a whole bunch of good shit here.

57:07 - Phillip Vincent
Is this tapped into that gift card company where we actually could buy a $10 gift card and actually send them a real one? So if you want to load that, I don't care. What load, like three real cards into our system. So that way when we do the demo, it'll send them my actual real card.

57:24 - Billy Keister
Oh, totally planning on doing that.

57:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, cool.

57:27 - Billy Keister
I was going to do it with a CSV upload. I was just going to buy three gift cards and then, uh, like have them to be able to give out. But for like the testing stuff, I'm doing all dummy cards, but like when we do a demo for like Mike, Tuesday or Monday, whenever we do our demo for Mike.

57:45 - Phillip Vincent
Yeah, they can honestly be a $5 card. He doesn't give a shit. But he's not going to use it anyway.

57:48 - Billy Keister
So yeah, so you know, but we can make it to where it fully works for him on Monday as a customer.

57:56 - Phillip Vincent
I'll talk to Mike, because he had that big Meeting with Chrysler on Wednesday. I just asked Tucker if he found anything more about the stored value question that Mike had, if he found any more there. I'll let him know that we could kind of show you some stuff today. But if we I think if we do our Meeting on Monday, we'll be able to actually send you a card, you know, start to finish and get validation of that. I'll put it in WhatsApp when he tells me.

58:18 - Billy Keister
And I, to clarify, I'm working really hard on it. I might have it done today, but I don't want to promise like, Hey, it's black Friday, dude.

58:28 - Phillip Vincent
It's five day weekend. Monday makes sense. Like I'd rather us fucking try to break this thing on Wednesday or Saturday and Sunday, and then know we're ready for something.

58:38 - Billy Keister
I've got Bobby trying to break That's been helpful. He's going in and trying to, he's the one that taught me, figured out that my whole fucking user management system was fucked.

58:50 - Phillip Vincent
We'll see, there you go.

58:52 - Billy Keister
So I had to completely redo it. Like the user management system, it rolls and permissions, because they weren't working properly. They're working properly now, right? And I changed it to where it's a lot more strict now for users. They had to be, for other than admin, they've got to be attached to an organization or a client, like it's just a lot stricter now. The right people can only see the right things. And then, but yeah. I'll let you go, man.

59:22 - Phillip Vincent
I get to go do manual labor in the cold today with my boys. We bought a house that we're going to flip and the seller sold to us as is. So they drug all their shit to the garage. Well, I need that garage cleaned out. So now we're renting a box truck. Gonna be my buddy my partner Adam on it my sons are gonna go so we're gonna go bundle up because it's cold as balls here and we're gonna go load a truck and then you go dump it so oh my god that sounds like my hands today labor doesn't bother me I just glad I don't do it for a living I mean like you know I know I know I'm just gonna do it for about two hours today okay I'm cool you know I totally feel you and I agree with you see you see you like